it is the fifth day which is my lucky
number so I think we're gonna get
something and we have scenes for RAM so
far and ten use and I've gotten to drive
this for a while now I've gotten pretty
darn good at it except I hit a couple
big rocks on the way here I scared dad
yesterday
big time did you hear that he's he's
looking for really grunt - okay we'll
keep looking
but the polaris ranger battery went dead
about 18 miles from camp we were able to
get back to camp with our other vehicle
I ran and got a battery for this
Ronson eight respondents from sheep
we've got a pretty decent RAM over here
it's really our last night to hunt every
wanted to be home by Christmas
23rd
got a pretty good round
try and get a better look
see which ramen is
and we've been saying all day
things happen for a reason
those are some times but maybe we'll
find this vid Graham and
so what do you think they really
hey just take your time and relax it's
okay
got him all right Avery girl well every
just scatter sheep amazing day arranger
dead battery I ran all the way to Parker
and got a battery Russ and Avery said we
just were up looking and we found a ram
bedded we got over close to him it's
amazing she got him
we're not cops and hook nicknamed
again.they anniversary Ram because of
Popeyes in grandma's 49th anniversary
today I know he's gonna kill today
because today's number fuck the day I
was there any malfunctions of the
equipment or Rangers or anything like
that did you leave for three hours I not
morning got back and put we put the
battery in the Ranger and we're off
chasing around well I'm so glad you got
the tag and I'm so glad you guys came
and we had a good hunt it was really a
pleasure hunting with you guys it was
fun lots of fun well let's get back it's
late isn't it well that's a great RAM in
the back here
great Ram